---
layout: page
permalink: /presentation/
title: Presentation
description: presentations
nav: true
nav_order: 6
---

### Posts on LinkedIn

For the latest updates on talks, projects, and presentations, please visit my LinkedIn page: **[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jiangang-hao/recent-activity/all/)**

---

### Past presentations

- **Hao, J.**, (Oct. 2025), Data Analytics and AI to Support Test Security in Remote Testing, NCME Test Security SIGIMIE Webinar: Test Security Operation Challenges, Considerations and Tips. Virtual.

- **Hao, J.**, (Apr. 2025), Computer-Supported Collaborative Social Emotional Learning and Assessment in Classroom, Organized symposium, NCME 2025, Denver, CO.

- Kyllonen, P., **Hao, J.**, Andrews-Todd, J., & Kerzabi, E., (Apr. 2025), Teaching and Learning SEL: Piloting a Digitally Enhanced Curriculum, Paper presentation, NCME 2025, Denver, CO.

- Kerzabi, E., Guo, E., **Hao, J.**, Andrews-Todd, J., & Kyllonen, P., (Apr. 2025), Designing Digital Enhancements for a SEL Classroom, Paper presentation, NCME 2025, Denver, CO.

- **Hao, J.**, Cui, W., Jiang, Y., Kyllonen, P., Kerzabi, E., & Andrews-Todd, J., (Apr. 2025), AI and Analytics to Support Computer-Supported SEL, Paper presentation, NCME 2025, Denver, CO.

- Andrews-Todd, J., Kerzabi, E., **Hao, J.**, & Kyllonen, P., (Apr. 2025), A Collaborative SEL Framework to Provide Evidence for Formative Skill Assessment, Paper presentation, NCME 2025, Denver, CO.

- **Hao, J.**, Cui, W., Kyllonen, P., Kerzabi, E., & Liu, L., (Apr. 2025), Automated Coding with ChatGPT: Success and Challenges, Paper presentation, NCME 2025, Denver, CO.

- **Hao, J.**, (Nov. 2024), Transforming Assessment with LLM and Generative AI: Impacts and Challenges, Invited talk, AI for Education Conference, Singapore.

- **Hao, J.**, (Nov. 2024), Assessing Collaborative Problem Solving at Scale: Challenges, Opportunities, and the Path Forward, Invited talk, National Institute of Education, Singapore.

- **Hao, J.**, (April 2024), Explorations of GPT, Discussant, NCME 2024, Philadelphia, PA.

- **Hao, J.**, (April 2024), Characterizing individual collaborative problem solving through conditional transition profile: stability across tasks and teams. NCME 2024, Philadelphia, PA.

- Zhong, Y., **Hao, J.**, and Fauss, M. (April 2024), Comparison of essays generated by different LLMS, Discussant, NCME 2024, Philadelphia, PA.

- **Hao, J.**, (April 2024), One year after GPT-4: how AI changed Assessments, Organized panel discussion at NCME 2024, Philadelphia, PA.

- **Hao, J.**, and Fauss, M. (April 2024), Practical considerations of using detectors of AI-generated essays: dos and don'ts, NCME 2024, Philadelphia, PA.

- Fauss, M., and **Hao, J.**, (April 2024), Effects of sampling temperature on writing style and quality, NCME 2024, Philadelphia, PA.

- Jiang, Y., **Hao, J.**, Fauss, M., and Li, C. (April 2024), Towards investigating the fairness of detecting LLM-generated essays, NCME 2024, Philadelphia, PA.

- **Hao, J.**, Fauss, M., and Li, C. (April 2024), Detecting AI-generated essays: what you should know before making important decisions, AERA 2024, Philadelphia, PA.

- Jiang, Y., **Hao, J.**, Fauss, M. and Li, C. (April 2024), Detecting AI-generated essays in a large-scale educational assessment: is there bias against non-native English speakers?, AERA 2024, Philadelphia, PA.

- **Hao, J.**, (Nov. 2023), Assessing collaborative problem solving with interactive digital technology and AI, Presentation to the ETS Visiting Panel for Research.

- **Hao, J.**, (June 2023), Generative AI: Challenges and opportunities for assessment, ATP-ECPS 2023.

- **Hao, J.**, (July 2023), ChatGPT and advanced generative AI: Impact on data analysis and data science, Presentation at ETS DA seminar series.

- **Hao, J.**, (July 2023), Assessing collaborative problem solving at scale – psychometric challenges and strategies, IMPS 2023, College Park, MD.

- **Hao, J.**, (June 2023), Assessing interpersonal skills at scale, Presentation given at ETS summer internship seminar.

- **Hao, J.**, (July 2023), Generative AI: Challenges and opportunities for assessment, Presentation given at ETS summer internship seminar.

- **Hao, J.**, (April 2023), ChatGPT, GPT4+ and the Future of Assessments, Organized panel discussion, NCME 2023, Chicago, IL.

- **Hao, J.**, Kerzabi, E., and Kyllonen, P., (April 2023), Assessing CPS at Scale – EPCAL ecosystem and psychometric considerations, NCME 2023, Chicago, IL.

- **Hao, J.**, (Jan 2023), Detection of ChatGPT generated essays in TOEFL, ETS Company-wide presentation, Princeton, NJ.

- Fauss, M., and **Hao, J.**, (Jan. 2023), Automated Speech Similarity Detection (AutoSSD) in TOEFL iBT Speaking, ETS Company-wide presentation, Princeton, NJ.

- **Hao, J.** and Li, C., (Nov. 2022), Detecting remote desktop access using AI and clickstream process data, 2022 Conference on Test Security, Princeton, NJ.

- Choi, I., **Hao, J.**, Deane, P., and Zhang, Mo., (Nov. 2022), Benchmark Keystroke Biometrics Accuracy from High-Stakes Writing Tasks, 2022 Conference on Test Security, Princeton, NJ.

- Zhang, M., Deane, P., and **Hao, J.**, (Nov. 2022), Detection of Retyping vs. Drafting Through AI-based Methods based on Keystroke Process Data, 2022 Conference on Test Security, Princeton, NJ.

- Novak, J., Choi, I., **Hao, J.**, and Li, C., (Oct. 2022), AutoESD: An Automated Solution to Detect Copied Essays, 2022 Conference on Test Security, Princeton, NJ.

- Yan, D., Fauss, M., Cui, W., and **Hao, J.**, (Oct. 2022), Detection of AI-generated Essays, 2022 Conference on Test Security, Princeton, NJ.

- Deane, P., Zhang, M., and **Hao, J.**, (Oct. 2022), Detecting Writing-Process Characteristics Associated with Non-Genuine Text Generation, 2022 Conference on Test Security, Princeton, NJ.

- **Hao, J.**, (Nov. 2022), Using Data Analytics and AI to Support Test Security of Remotely Proctored Tests, Invited presentation at 2022 MARC conference.

- **Hao, J.**, (July 2022), Response Process Data from Digital Assessments: Challenges and Strategies, Presentation given to ETS summer interns.

- **Hao, J.**, (June 2022), Streamlit Dashboard and AWS Deployment: Unleashing the Power of Interactive Reports, Presentation given at ETS DA Seminar.

- Liu, L., and **Hao, J.**, (April 2022), Computer-Supported Collaborative Modeling Activities to Promote Science Learning, presentation given at AERA 2022.

- **Hao, J.**, (March 2022), RMS research on test security, Presentation given to SBU at ETS.

- Novak, J., Choi, I, **Hao, J.**, and Li, (April 2022), AutoESD: An Automated Solution to Detect Copied Essays, Presentation given to ETS employee.

- **Hao, J.**, (Sept. 2021), Using clickstream process data to support remotely proctored high-stakes tests: a synergy between psychometrics, data science and AI, Presentation given to ETS employee.

- Zhu, M., Burstein, J., **Hao, J.** (June, 2021), Uncovering patterns of use in the writing mentor app through cluster analysis, Presentation given at NCME 2021.

- **Hao, J.**, (July 2021), Psychometric and data science modeling at ETS, Presentation given to 2021 ETS summer interns.

- **Hao, J.**, (April 2021), Beyond a single score: scoring and reporting strategy for scalable assessments of collaborative problem solving, Presentation given at 2021 conference of International Testing Commission (ITC).

- **Hao, J.**, (Dec. 4th, 2020), Characterizing the quality of simulation-based task: edit distance-based measures, Presentation given at the virtual ATP EdTech summit.

- **Hao, J.**, Kyllonen, P. C. (Dec. 2019). Scalable assessment of collaboration, Presentation given to the NAEP assessment development group, Educational Testing Service, NJ.

- **Hao, J.**, Kyllonen, P. C. (Oct. 2019). EPCAL: Towards Scalable Assessments of CPS, Presentation for the Technical Advisory Group for the Collaborative problem Solving (CPS) Project, Educational Testing Service, NJ.

- **Hao, J.**, Kyllonen, P. C. (Oct. 2019). Face to face, Online Collaboration and Technology Status, Presentation for the Technical Advisory Group for the Collaborative problem Solving (CPS) Project, Educational Testing Service, NJ.

- Kyllonen, P. C., **Hao, J.** (Oct., 2019). Estimating an individual’s contribution to small group performance, Presentation for the Technical Advisory Group for the Collaborative problem Solving (CPS) Project, Educational Testing Service, NJ.

- Kyllonen, P. C., **Hao, J.**, and Martin-Raugh, M. (July, 2019). Estimating an individual’s contribution to small group performance. Paper given in IMPS 2019 Invited Symposium (P. Halpin, Chair), Recent advances in assessing small group contribution. Santiago, Chile: International Meeting of the Psychometric Society.

- Li, H., Graesser, A., and **Hao, J.**, (June, 2019), Language and group performance on science inquiry in simulated synchronous collaboration, Presented at CSCL 2019, Lyon, France.

- **Hao, J.**, (April, 2019), Targeting the Data and Modeling Challenges from Next Generation Assessments: A Computational Perspective of Psychometrics, Presented at NCME 2019, Montreal, Canada.

- Adams, D., **Hao, J.**, Deane, P., Wylie, C., Stone, E., Feng, G., (April, 2019), Toward Understanding the Progression of Constructed-Response Fluency Across K–12 Age Groups, Presented at NCME 2019, Montreal, Canada.

- Zhang, M., **Hao, J.**, Deane, P., Li, C., (April, 2019), Measuring Writing Translation Using Keystroke Logs, Presented at NCME 2019, Montreal, Canada.

- Deane, P., **Hao, J.**, Zhang, M., Choi, I., (April, 2019), Identifying Repeated Test Takers Using Keystroke Information from Essay Writing, Presented at NCME 2019, Montreal, Canada.

- **Hao, J.**, and Mislevy, R., (2018, July), glassPy data analytics framework for addressing the practical challenges of process data, Presentation given at International Testing Commission Meeting, Montreal, Canada.

- **Hao, J.**, (2018, July), Data and modeling challenges from innovative assessments, Presentation given at Statistical methods for innovative testing and learning symposium, IMPS satellite meeting, Columbia University, NYC.

- **Hao, J.**, (2018, June), Assessing 21st century skills via human-human interactions: task design and psychometric challenges, presentation given at ICSA Applied Statistics Symposium, New Brunswick, NJ.

- **Hao, J.**, (2018, May), Process data solution for game and simulation based assessments, Presentation given at ETS-College Board workshop, Princeton, NJ.

- **Hao, J.**, von Davier, A., Dicerbo, K., Mislevy, R., and Pak Wong (2018 April), Evidence-centered design and computational psychometrics solution for game/simulation based assessments, training workshop at NCME 2018, NYC, NY.

- **Hao, J.**, Flor, M., Liu, L., von Davier, A., Andrews, J., and Kyllonen, P. (2018, April), CPS-evaluator: an automated assessment of collaborative discourse, NCME 2018, NYC, NY.

- **Hao, J.**, (2018, April), Assessing collaboration at scale: a technology-driven paradigm shift, Invited talk at the School of Information, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor.

- **Hao, J.**, (2018, Feb.), Innovations in educational measurements: challenges, strategies and examples, Invited guest lecture, School of Education, Harvard University.

- **Hao, J.**, (2017, Nov), Understanding the writing process for better formative feedback: features, subscores and psychometric considerations, Presentation given to the visiting panel of research, ETS, Princeton, NJ.

- **Hao, J.**, (2017 Nov.), Assessing collaboration at scale, Statistics department, Columbia University, NYC, NY.

- **Hao, J.**, et al., (2017 June), ETS collaborative science assessment prototype: design, data and automated annotation, CSCL 2017, Philadelphia, PA.

- **Hao, J.**, et al., (2017 June), EPCAL: computer-supported collaboration at scale, workshop organized in the CSCL 2017, Philadelphia, PA.

- **Hao, J.**, (2017 June), Towards a better collaboration via intelligent facilitation, UM-ARL Expert Panel workshop, AMES, IA.

- Zhang, M., **Hao, J.**, Deane, P., and Li, C. (2017, April). Defining Bursts in Writing Processes. NCME 2017, San Antonio, TX.

- **Hao, J.**, (2017 April), CPS-rater: automated sequential annotation of collaborative problem solving skills, NCME 2017, San Antonio, TX.

- Ou, L., **Hao, J.**, Lee, Y., Liu, L., and von Davier, A., (2017 April), Response-time analysis in simulation-based and collaborative assessments, NCME 2017, San Antonio, TX.

- Zhu, M., Ou, L., **Hao, J.**, and von Davier, A., (2017 April), Designing simulation studies for collaborative tasks: a psychometric perspective, NCME 2017, San Antonio, TX.

- Liu, L., **Hao, J.**, von Davier, A., Kyllonen, P., (2017 April), Designing principles for collaborative assessment: aligning assessment with how students learn, NCME 2017, San Antonio, TX.

- **Hao, J.**, von Davier, A., Dicerbo, K., and Mislevy, R., (2017 April), Evidence-centered design and computational psychometrics solution for game/simulation based assessments, training workshop at NCME 2017, San Antonio, TX.

- **Hao, J.**, (2017 March), CPS-rater: automated sequential annotation for conversations in collaboration, ETS collaborative interaction seminar, Princeton, NJ.

- **Hao, J.**, (2017 May), CPS-rater: automated sequential annotation for conversations in online collaboration, ETS Tuckers and Holland Seminar, Princeton, NJ.

- **Hao, J.**, (2017 June), Assessing collaborative problem-solving, Presentation given to the ETS summer interns, Princeton, NJ.

- **Hao, J.**, (2017 May), Assessing collaborative problem-solving: from Tetralogue to EPCAL, ETS Colloquium, Princeton, NJ.

- **Hao, J.**, and Zhang, M., (2016 Dec.), Analysis of student problem-solving process in computer-based tests, presentation to visitors from SMEEA, Princeton, NJ.

- **Hao, J.**, (2016 Oct.), 21st century skills, game-based assessments, and big data analytics, Invited seminar, Beijing Normal University, Beijing, China.

- **Hao, J.** (2016 Sept.), EPCAL demo, CRESSTCON 2016, Los Angeles, CA.

- **Hao, J.** (2016 July), Collaborative learning and assessment at scale, Seminar given to ETS summer interns, Princeton, NJ.

- **Hao, J.** (2016, July), Collaborative Problem Solving Skills versus Collaboration outcomes: Findings from Statistical Analysis and Data Mining. 9th International Conference on Educational Data Mining, Raleigh, NC.

- **Hao, J.**, Liu, L., and von Davier, A., (2016 June), Collaborative Learning and Assessment at Scale, Presentation to ETS ProEthica program team, ETS, NJ.

- **Hao, J.** (2016 June), EPCAL: ETS Platform for Collaboration Assessment and Learning, Poster presentation at Collective Intelligence 2016, NYC.

- **Hao, J.** (2016 May), EPCAL: ETS Platform for Collaboration Assessment and Learning, Presentation given to New Product Development at ETS, Princeton, NJ.

- **Hao, J.** (2016 May), EPCAL: ETS Platform for Collaboration Assessment and Learning, Presentation given at IBM Watson Research, Yorktown, NY.

- **Hao, J.** (2016 April), Assessing collaborative problem solving skills: challenges, strategies and analytics, invited seminar presentation at University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI.

- Liu, L., **Hao, J.**, von Davier, A., and Kyllonen, P., (2016 April), Collaborative problem solving assessment: bring social aspect into science assessment, Presentation was given at NCME 2016, Washington DC.

- **Hao, J.** (2016, Jan.), Data mining in a nutshell, Training seminar given to the Research Assistants at ETS, Princeton, NJ.

- **Hao, J.** (2015, Dec.), Taming the log file: why and how, Tutorial training given to the Data Analyst group at ETS, Princeton, NJ.

- **Hao, J.** and Liu, L., (2015, Nov.), CPS Frame: a platform for many things, Presentation was given to the CLO group at ETS, Princeton, NJ.

- **Hao, J.**, (2015, Oct.), Taming the log files of game/simulation-based assessment, Presentation was given to the IDEAS group round table meeting, Princeton, NJ.

- **Hao, J.**, (2015, Oct.), Learning, assessment, and the need for standards in the digital environment: log file designing matters, Webinar presentation for the Association of Test Publishers.

- **Hao, J.**, Liu, L., and von Davier, A., (2015, Sept.), CPS Frame: A Platform for Large-Scale Assessment and Development of Collaborative Problem-Solving Skills, GSC initiative Seminar, Princeton, NJ, USA.

- **Hao, J.**, and von Davier, A., (2015, July). Collaborative problem solving, Presentation was given at the seminar for Nobel Laureate Dr. James Heckman, Princeton, NJ.

- Zhang, M., **Hao, J.**, Li, C., and Deane P., (2015, July). Classification of writing styles using keystroke logs: a hierarchical vectorization approach, IMPS, Beijing, China.

- Wang, Z., **Hao, J.**, Liu, L., Chen, L., and von Davier, A. (2015, June). Automated classification of collaborative problem-solving skills based on chat messages in a science simulation task. Paper presented at the INGRoup Conference, Pittsburgh, PA.

- **Hao, J.**, (2015, July). Collaborative problem solving in a nutshell, Presentation given to the 2015 summer intern at ETS, Princeton, NJ.

- **Hao, J.**, (2015, June). Assessing collaborative problem solving with simulation, Presentation was given at 11th International Conference on Computer Supported Collaborative Learning, Gothenburg, Sweden.

- **Hao, J.**, (2015, June). Taming Log Files from Game and Simulation-Based Assessments: Data Models and Data Analysis Tools, Presentation given FASP Initiative Seminar, Princeton, NJ.

- **Hao, J.**, (2015, May). Data model and glassPy for log files, Presentation given to the process data special interest group, Princeton, NJ.

- Andrews, J. J., Kerr, D., Mislevy, R. J., von Davier, A. A., **Hao, J.**, and Liu, L. (2015, April). Using simulation to explore gender and cultural differences during collaboration, National Council on Measurement in Education, Chicago, IL.

- von Davier, A., **Hao, J.**, Liu, L. and Kyllonen, P. (2015 April), A Collaborative Science Assessment from a Measurement Perspective, National Council on Measurement in Education, Chicago, IL.

- **Hao, J.**, Liu, L., von Davier, A., and Kyllonen, P. (2015 April), Assessing collaborative problem solving with simulation task, Presentation was given at NCME 2015, Chicago, IL.

- Liu, L., **Hao, J.**, von Davier, A., and Kyllonen, P. (2015 April), Assessing and understanding collaborative problem-solving processes: task design and scoring issues, Presentation was given at NCME 2015, Chicago, IL.

- **Hao, J.**, (2015, April). Facilitating the Evidence Identification: Data Model and Analysis Toolkit for Log files, Presentation was given to the Visiting Panel on Research, Princeton, NJ.

- Von Davier, A., **Hao, J.**, Liu, L. and Kyllonen, P., (2015, April). Assessment of collaborative problem solving, Presentation was given to the Visiting Panel on Research, Princeton, NJ.

- **Hao, J.** (2015 April), Multiple Facets of an Assessment With Collaborative Problem Solving Tasks, Session chaired at the annual meeting of the National Council on Measurement in Education, Chicago, IL.

- **Hao, J.**, (2015, February). Data mining in a nutshell, Tutorial presentation given at the ETS data-mining Workshop, Princeton, NJ.

- **Hao, J.**, (2014, September). Assessing Collaborative Problem Solving Skills with Simulations and Games, Invited seminar talk, Department of Psychology, Fordham University, NYC.

- **Hao, J.**, (2014, November). Assessing CPS in action: practical considerations and preliminary results, invited talk at the Innovative Assessment of Collaboration, Washington DC.

- **Hao, J.**, von Davier, A., Liu, L., Kyllonen, P., and Zapata-Rivera, D. (2014, April). Investigating collaborative problem solving with extended trialogue tasks. Paper presented at the annual meeting of the National Council on Measurement in Education, Philadelphia, PA.

- **Hao, J.**, Shu, Z. and von Davier, A., (2014, July) Assessing Students' Performances from Process Data in Scenario-based Tasks: An Edit Distance Approach, Paper presented at 79th annual meeting of Psychometric Society (IMPS 2014), Madison, WI.

- **Hao, J.**, Shu, Z. and von Davier, A. (2014, August). Analyzing process data from game/simulation based task: an edit distance approach, poster presented at the ASESS 2014 workshop at the KDD 2014 conference, NYC.

- Von Davier, A., **Hao, J.** (2014, April). Considerations on Including Collaborative Problem Solving Tasks in Standardized Assessments, Paper presented at the annual meeting of the National Council on Measurement in Education, Philadelphia, PA, April 2014.

- **Hao, J.** and Liu, L. (2014, September). Probing collaborative problem solving with Tetralogue. The presentation was given at ETS ACBA TDE initiative research seminar, Princeton, NJ.

- **Hao, J.** (2014, May). Probing the Collaborative Problem-solving Skills via a Collaborative Volcano Task, presentation given to ETS summer interns, Princeton, NJ.

- **Hao, J.** (2014, November). Big data vs. right data: implications for educational measurement, Presentation was given at ETS Big Data, Big Promises, Big Problems Series, Princeton, NJ.

- **Hao, J.** (2014, January), Edit distance as a way to score the process data from the simulation, Presentation given at ETS seminar on NAEP TEL task analysis.

- Liu, L., von Davier, A., **Hao, J.**, Kyllonen, P., and Zapata-Rivera, D. (2014, April). A tough nut to crack: Measuring collaborative problem solving. Paper presented at the annual meeting of the National Council on Measurement in Education, Philadelphia, PA.

- Bergner, Y., Shu, Z., **Hao, J.**, Zhu, M. and von Davier, A., (2014, July) Visualizing and Clustering Process Data Sequences from a Simulation-Based Task, Paper presented at 79th annual meeting of Psychometric Society (IMPS 2014), Madison, WI.

- Shu, Z., von Davier, A., Zhu, M., Bergner, Y. and **Hao, J.** (2014, July), Using Markov-IRT to Characterize Process Data, Paper presented at 79th annual meeting of Psychometric Society (IMPS 2014), Madison, WI.

- **Hao, J.** (2013, May). Data mining in a nutshell, Presentation given at the ETS summer intern seminar, Princeton, NJ.

- **Hao, J.** (2013, April). Dark Energy Survey: Understanding the acceleration of the universe. Invited talk was given at the American Physical Society April Meeting, Denver, CO.

- **Hao, J.** (2012, June). Dark Energy Survey. Invited talk was given at the 45th Fermilab Users' Meeting, Batavia.

- **Hao, J.** (2012, December). Image Quality of the Dark Energy Survey Camera. Dark Energy Survey Collaboration Meeting, Univ. of Texas A and M, College Station, Texas.

- **Hao, J.** (2011, August). Dark Energy Survey Camera. Meeting of the Division of Particles and Fields of the American Physical Society, Brown University, Providence, RI.

- **Hao, J.** (2011, June). Spatially Weighted and Measurement Error Corrected Gaussian Mixture Model in Cluster Detection. Poster presented at Statistical Challenge in Modern Astronomy V, Penn State.

- **Hao, J.** (2011, May). Intrinsic Alignment of Galaxy Clusters. Poster presented at American Astronomical Society Annual Meeting, Boston, MA.

- **Hao, J.** (2011, January). GMBCG Galaxy Cluster Catalog. Talk was given at American Astronomical Society Annual Meeting, Seattle, WA.

- **Hao, J.** (2009, December). Two image-based flatness measurement for the flatness of the multiCCD focal plane. Talk given at Dark Energy Survey Collaboration Meeting, SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory.

- **Hao, J.** (2009, August). High redshift galaxy clusters in SDSS Coadd. Talk given at Department of Physics and Astronomy, Northwestern University.

- **Hao, J.** (2009, June). Galaxy Clusters and Cluster member intrinsic alignment. Talk given at Department of Astronomy and Astrophysics, University of Chicago.

- **Hao, J.** (2009, March). GMBCG Catalog for SDSS Data Release 7. Talk given at Kavli Institute for Particle Astrophysics, Stanford University.

- **Hao, J.** (2009, January). Optical Cluster Detection At High Redshift. Talk given at Astrophysics Seminar at Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory.

- **Hao, J.** (2008, May). Error Corrected Gaussian Mixture Model and its Application in Cluster Finding. Talk given at Cluster Cosmology Workshop, Ohio State University.

- **Hao, J.** (2007, May). Dark Energy Survey and Cluster Cosmology. Talk given at Dark Energy Workshop, Shanghai United Center for Astrophysics, Shanghai, China.

- **Hao, J.** (2006, December). Galaxy Cluster Finding at High Redshift. Talk given at Dark Energy Survey Chicago Collaboration Meeting, the University of Chicago.

- **Hao, J.** (2006, June). Cosmological Constraints from Supernovae Data Using Robust Analysis. Poster presented at Statistical Challenge in Modern Astronomy IV, Penn State University.
